docs: splitItem prop in minicart-product-list (#159)
vtex-apps/product-list: docs/README.md

| `quantity-selector`            | Renders a selector that allows users to choose how many units of a product they want to add to the cart.                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `remove-button`                | Renders a button that allows users to remove a product from the list.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

### `minicart-product-list` props

| Prop name | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                         | Default value |
| --------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |

> | `splitItem`  | `boolean` | Check if products with attachments will be splitted and considered as individual `true` or not `false` when increasing the quantity in minicart | `false`        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `splitItem`  | `boolean` | Determine whether products with attachments should be split and treated as individual items (`true`) or not (`false`) when increasing the quantity in the minicart | `false`        |
```

Author: Boa!

> | `splitItem`  | `boolean` | Determine whether products with attachments should be split and treated as individual items (`true`) or not (`false`) when increasing the quantity in the minicart | `false`        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `splitItem`  | `boolean` | Determines whether products with attachments should be split and treated as individual items (`true`) or as a single item (`false`) when their quantity is increased in the minicart. | `false`        |
```

Author: Thank yooou <3
